Documentation

Emory Soper - Producer
Ethan Fowler - Programmer
Ben Heidinger - Designer
Quintin Obey - Artist

A Tales of Three: The Attack of the Necrolich is a medieval fantasy top-down roguelike that takes place in a kingdom setting. The setting of the game is the kingdom has been taken over by a powerful necrolich, you the player set out to save the kingdom for the necrolich. When you first launch the game you will be presented with a title screen with three different options labeled: Knight, Archer, and Mage. Selecting one of these options will put you into the games first level as the corresponding character. The current objective of the game is to beat the enemies in the level to gain access to the door leading you to the end game screen. The game follows the basic mechanic for many other roguelike games allowing you to control the character using the W key to move up, A key to move left, S key to move down, and D key to move right. Additionally you can use the left mouse button to preform the players basic attack. The knight's basic attack allows him to swing his sword which upon contact will knock enemies back slightly. The archer's basic attack requires you to charge up, or draw, your bow before firing the bow. The mage's basic attack shoots out a small fireball that goes in a straight line from its origin. The game upon completion will also the player to defeat enemies to gain access to the door going to the next level of the game until reaching the tenth level where the boss fight will be. Beating the boss at the end of the game will be the games win/end state indicating the completion of the game. Throughout the different levels upon completion you will be given a choice of different powerup for your character, where some will simply power up your character and others will change there fundamental abilities. The game will also have a HUD system to show the players current health, powerups, and abilities. With all of these elements combine we will create a dynamic and different experience each play through leaving you with one question. Do you have what it takes to save the kingdom?

Licensing 

Bow Sprite, Fireball Sprite, Reticle Sprite, Slash Sprite, Wand Sprite, Archer Sprite, Archer Moving Sprite, Knight Sprite, Knight Moving Sprite, Knight Swordless Sprite, Mage Sprite, Mage Moving Sprite made by Ben Heidinger

Shield Sprite made by Quintin Obey

Arrow Sprite, EnemyArrow Sprite, and Door Sprite made by Emory Soper
